seq_name	Andrew	HMP	Extreme	sum taxonomy
read_01	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;
read_02	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Barnesiellaceae;Barnesiella;Barnesiella intestinihominis
read_03	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Prevotellaceae;Paraprevotella;Paraprevotella clara
read_04	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Prevotellaceae;Prevotella;Prevotella buccalis
read_05	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Prevotellaceae;Prevotella;Prevotella copri
read_06	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Prevotellaceae;Prevotella;Prevotella copri
read_07	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;Bacteroides ovatus
read_08	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;
read_09	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;Bacteroides ovatus
read_10	0	0	1	Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;Clostridiaceae;;
read_11	0	0	1	Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;Ruminococcaceae;Ruminiclostridium;[Clostridium] methylpentosum
read_12	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Tannerellaceae;Parabacteroides;Parabacteroides merdae
read_13	0	0	1	Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;Lachnospiraceae;Roseburia;Roseburia inulinivorans
read_14	0	0	1	Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;;;
read_15	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Tannerellaceae;Parabacteroides;Parabacteroides distasonis
read_16	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Tannerellaceae;Parabacteroides;Parabacteroides distasonis
read_17	0	0	1	Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;Lachnospiraceae;Roseburia;
read_18	0	0	1	Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;Lachnospiraceae;Blautia;[Ruminococcus] gnavus
read_19	0	0	1	Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;Lachnospiraceae;Blautia;[Ruminococcus] gnavus
read_20	0	0	1	Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;Clostridiaceae;Clostridium;
read_21	0	0	1	Firmicutes;Erysipelotrichia;Erysipelotrichales;Erysipelotrichaceae;Erysipelatoclostridium;[Clostridium] cocleatum
read_22	0	1	0	Actinobacteria;Actinobacteria;Actinomycetales;Actinomycetaceae;Actinomyces;
read_23	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;
read_24	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;
read_25	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Tannerellaceae;Parabacteroides;
read_26	0	0	1	Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnoclostridium;Lachnoclostridium phytofermentans
read_27	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;
read_28	0	1	0	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;
read_29	0	1	0	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;
read_30	0	1	0	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;
read_31	0	1	0	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;
read_32	0	1	0	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;
read_33	0	1	0	Deinococcus-Thermus;Deinococci;Deinococcales;Deinococcaceae;Deinococcus;
read_34	0	1	0	Firmicutes;Bacilli;Bacillales;Staphylococcaceae;Staphylococcus;
read_35	0	1	0	Firmicutes;Bacilli;Bacillales;Staphylococcaceae;Staphylococcus;
read_36	0	1	0	Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Streptococcaceae;Streptococcus;Streptococcus agalactiae
read_37	0	1	0	Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Neisseria;Neisseria meningitidis
read_38	0	1	0	Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Helicobacteraceae;Helicobacter;Helicobacter pylori
read_39	0	1	0	Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Streptococcaceae;Streptococcus;Streptococcus pneumoniae
read_40	0	1	0	Firmicutes;Bacilli;Bacillales;Listeriaceae;Listeria;Listeria monocytogenes
read_41	0	1	0	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Porphyromonadaceae;Porphyromonas;Porphyromonas gingivalis
read_42	0	0	1	Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;NA;Howardella;Howardella ureilytica
read_43	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;Bacteroides fragilis
read_44	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;Bacteroides uniformis
read_45	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;Bacteroides sp.
read_46	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;Bacteroides massiliensis
read_47	0	0	1	Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;Lachnospiraceae;;
read_48	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron
read_49	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron
read_50	0	0	1	Bacteroidetes;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Bacteroidaceae;Bacteroides;Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron
read_51	1	0	0	Firmicutes;Bacilli;Bacillales;Staphylococcaceae;Staphylococcus;
read_52	1	0	0	Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Pseudomonadales;Pseudomonadaceae;Pseudomonas;Pseudomonas aeruginosa
read_53	1	0	0	Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacterales;Morganellaceae;Proteus;
read_54	1	0	0	Actinobacteria;Actinobacteria;Micrococcales;Micrococcaceae;Micrococcus;
read_55	1	0	0	Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Streptococcaceae;Lactococcus;Lactococcus lactis
read_56	1	0	0	Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacterales;Enterobacteriaceae;;
read_57	1	0	0	Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacterales;Enterobacteriaceae;Escherichia;Escherichia coli
read_58	1	0	0	Firmicutes;Bacilli;Bacillales;Bacillaceae;Bacillus;
read_59	0	1	0	Actinobacteria;Actinobacteria;Propionibacteriales;Propionibacteriaceae;Cutibacterium;Cutibacterium acnes
read_60	0	1	0	Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Enterococcaceae;Enterococcus;
read_61	0	1	0	Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Enterococcaceae;Enterococcus;
read_62	0	1	0	Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Streptococcaceae;Streptococcus;Streptococcus mutans
read_63	0	1	0	Firmicutes;Bacilli;Bacillales;Staphylococcaceae;Staphylococcus;
read_64	0	1	0	Firmicutes;Bacilli;Bacillales;Staphylococcaceae;Staphylococcus;
read_65	0	1	0	Firmicutes;Bacilli;Bacillales;Staphylococcaceae;Staphylococcus;Staphylococcus epidermidis
read_66	0	1	0	Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;Clostridiaceae;Clostridium;
read_67	0	1	0	Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;Clostridiaceae;Clostridium;
read_68	0	1	0	Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;Clostridiaceae;Clostridium;
read_69	0	1	0	Firmicutes;Bacilli;Bacillales;Bacillaceae;Bacillus;
read_70	0	1	0	Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Pseudomonadales;Pseudomonadaceae;Pseudomonas;Pseudomonas aeruginosa
read_71	0	1	0	Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Pseudomonadales;Pseudomonadaceae;Pseudomonas;Pseudomonas aeruginosa
read_72	0	1	0	Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodobacterales;Rhodobacteraceae;Rhodobacter;Rhodobacter sphaeroides
read_73	0	1	0	Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Pseudomonadales;Moraxellaceae;Acinetobacter;Acinetobacter baumannii
read_74	0	1	0	Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacterales;Enterobacteriaceae;Escherichia;Escherichia coli
read_75	0	1	0	Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Lactobacillaceae;Lactobacillus;Lactobacillus gasseri
